Update docs/sources/variables/templates-and-variables.md (#25829)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/variables/templates-and-variables.md

### Formatting multiple values

> Interpolating a variable with multiple values selected is tricky as it is not straight forward, how to format the multiple values into a string that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interpolating a variable with multiple values selected is tricky, as it is not straightforward how to format the multiple values into a string that
```
